Develop/README1.md, before:

# Readme Generator
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
## Table of Contents 

[Description](#description)

[Installation](#installation-instructions)

[User Instructions](#user-instructions)


[Contributing](#contributing)

[Testing](#testing)



[Questions](#questions)

## Description
This project will generate a readme file

## Installation Instructions
you download the file and open it up in command terminal

## User Instructions 
Watch the video

## Contributing
Contact me on my github

## Testing
We are testing it now

## License 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
      
      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
To learn more about this license please visit: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Questions
If you have any questions email me at: adamwagh@gmail.com
Check out my Github page: www.github.com/adamwagh512

Commit message:

added my own readme that was generated in the app!

Develop/README1.md, after:

# README Generator
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
## Table of Contents 

[Description](#description)

[Installation](#installation-instructions)

[User Instructions](#user-instructions)


[Contributing](#contributing)

[Testing](#testing)



[Questions](#questions)

## Description
This is a README file generator.It allows users to generate readme files based on the answers to a few simple questions. It was built to satisfy the requirments of challenge 9 from the UT Austin Coding Bootcamp. The purpose of this project is to demonstrate everything we have learned through Unit 9. 

## Installation Instructions
To install the app you must first go to https://github.com/adamwagh512/readme-generator and download the files. Once you have the files, you can open them up in your VS Code integrated command terminal. Once in the code type 'npm -i' to download all needed files. 

## User Instructions 
Once the program is installed, go to the command line and type 'node index.js' to run the program. Answer all of the questions appropriately. Once all the questions have been answered, you will see a file named README1 appear in your file explorer on the left hand side of your screen. Open that file and enjoy!

## Contributing
This project is finished, but check me out on Github to see what I am up to next. Thank you for your interest. While we are on the topic I would like to thank my tutor Jack for all of his invaluable help during this project

## Testing
Testing protocols  have  not been written into this project, but if you like testing check out my unit 10 challenge!

## License 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

      The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
      
      THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
To learn more about this license please visit: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

## Questions
If you have any questions email me at: adamwagh@gmail.com
Check out my Github page: www.github.com/adamwagh512
